Uyuni upgrade clients #12527 keichwa (#591)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/client-upgrades-uyuni.adoc

[[client-upgrades-uyuni]]

> = Upgrade Uyuni Clients

Reviewer: You are talking about openSUSE Leap here only. Specifically to upgrade to Leap 15.2.

Remember SLE can also be managed with Uyuni.

Author: Thanks, we now have https://github.com/SUSE/spacewalk/issues/12793 --I just created it ;)

. In the [guimenu]``Child Channels`` pane, select the {opensuse-version} child channels.
. Click btn:[Next], and [guimenu]``Confirm Software Channel Change`` with btn:[Confirm].
. Click menu:Software[Packages > Upgrade], and select all the packages to be updated on the client, and then apply the selection.

>   Click btn:[Upgrade Packages], and then btn:[Confirm].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Click btn:[Upgrade Packages], check the details, and click btn:[Confirm] to complete the update.
```
